Document --stdin-filepath in README.md (#954)
JohnnyMorganz/StyLua: README.md

running `stylua .` will ignore the `vendor/` directory.

### Filtering when using stdin

If you are formatting stdin by specifying `-` as the filename (usually as part of an editor integration)

> you can optionally provide the filename via `--stdin-filepath` and `--respect-ignores` to use glob filtering
> via `-g` or via `.styluaignore` to ignore certain files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can optionally provide the filename via `--stdin-filepath`. To respect glob or `.styluaignore` filtering, pass `--respect-ignores`.
```
